README.md, before:

# Agency Hub

A resource hub for a community of transit agencies [prototype]

## Development

First create a .env file in the root directory of this repo with the following values:

```bash
SECRET_KEY="ANY_LONG_STRING_IS_FINE_FOR_DEVELOPMENT"
METABASE_SECRET_KEY= # get this from dashboards.calitp.org
```

Build and run the project using docker-compose.

```bash
docker-compose up --build
```

The server should now be running at <http://agency-hub.localhost:8000>

## Testing

To test a production build configuration locally:

```bash
docker-compose -f docker-compose.yml up --build
```

This works because `docker-compose.override.yml` gets applied automatically on top of `docker-compose.yml` when no files are explicitely passed, adding development services. By explicitely passing just the base file, the development overrides do not get applied.

## Dummy data

Dummy data is loaded with a snapshot of agencies.yml from April 2022, 2 dashboards and users with emails `caltrans-admin@example.org`, `agency-vendor@example.org`, `multiagency-vendor@example.org`, `agency-staff@example.org` (their passwords are the part of the email before the @, so `caltrans-admin`, etc).

Load the dummy data via the fixtures file.

```bash
docker-compose exec server python manage.py loaddata fixtures/dummy_data.json
```

If you want to update the (commit) any changes to the fixtures run the following.

```bash
docker-compose exec server python manage.py dumpdata user metabase agency --indent 2 > server/fixtures/dummy_data.json
```

## Features

* The primary app can be accesed via <http://agency-hub.localhost:8000> and includes the embedded dashboard and a login view.

* Users, dashboard, and agencencies can be created/edited via the django admin at <http://agency-hub.localhost:8000/admin/> (using the dummy data, only caltrans-admin has access to this).

* If a user is added, the users activation email can be viewed in the /admin/mailer/message section of the admin.

Commit message:

updating readme and auth-gating agency alerts

README.md, after:

# Agency Hub

A resource hub for a community of transit agencies [prototype]

## Development

First create a .env file in the root directory of this repo with the following values:

```bash
SECRET_KEY="ANY_LONG_STRING_IS_FINE_FOR_DEVELOPMENT"
METABASE_SECRET_KEY= # get this from dashboards.calitp.org
```

Next download the "AgencyHub BigQuery read-only service user key" and save it as `server/credentials.json`. If you don't have access to this, skip this step and be aware that all requests to Big Query will fail (currently just the notices badge at the top).

Build and run the project using docker-compose.

```bash
docker-compose up --build
```

The server should now be running at <http://agency-hub.localhost:8000>

## Testing

To test a production build configuration locally:

```bash
docker-compose -f docker-compose.yml up --build
```

This works because `docker-compose.override.yml` gets applied automatically on top of `docker-compose.yml` when no files are explicitely passed, adding development services. By explicitely passing just the base file, the development overrides do not get applied.

## Dummy data

Dummy data is loaded with a snapshot of agencies.yml from April 2022, 2 dashboards and users with emails `caltrans-admin@example.org`, `agency-vendor@example.org`, `multiagency-vendor@example.org`, `agency-staff@example.org` (their passwords are the part of the email before the @, so `caltrans-admin`, etc).

Load the dummy data via the fixtures file.

```bash
docker-compose exec server python manage.py loaddata fixtures/dummy_data.json
```

If you want to update the (commit) any changes to the fixtures run the following.

```bash
docker-compose exec server python manage.py dumpdata user metabase agency --indent 2 > server/fixtures/dummy_data.json
```

## Features

* The primary app can be accesed via <http://agency-hub.localhost:8000> and includes the embedded dashboard and a login view.

* Users, dashboard, and agencencies can be created/edited via the django admin at <http://agency-hub.localhost:8000/admin/> (using the dummy data, only caltrans-admin has access to this).

* If a user is added, the users activation email can be viewed in the /admin/mailer/message section of the admin.
